Oh baby we're back at the desk okay now
time to tear down others to make me feel
better about myself
got another Christian video alert
Christians only there we go check it out
we got new shirts for sale we got the
when is it okay meme on the board on a
shirt just for you they come in white
they come in black the links in the
description down below please go pick
one up it's the absolute best way to
support what I'm doing on the channel
speaking of merch by the way my brother
spend Johnson just launched his first
ever merch beat coastal clothing looks
dope as hell it's now available for sale
I'm going to put the links to my merch
and Sven's merch down in the description
down below please go pick up a shirt it
helps us out a whole lot go subscribe to
spend johnson that would be the best
birthday present ever that I could give
them I didn't get him anything else
please let me use my influence to save
money that's it for the business now
into the memes today we're talking about
one of our favorite mad lads on the
channel I did a sketch about him a
number of months ago it's your boy Steve
Harvey talk show host extraordinaire
game show legend Steve Harvey has begun
creating a new series on his personal
YouTube channel called his motivation
series now if you look at the thumbnails
and scrub through the videos you'll
notice that Steve films these videos on
his various sets of the TV shows that
he's on Steve has long been a preacher
of the Lord's word but now he's taken it
to the dead sets of his TV show between
shoots to tell his studio audience
lessons straight from the mouth of God
so we all know Steve as a man of
intellect and honesty so why don't we
take a little peek into the world of
preacher Steve I don't know nobody
that's not trying to be happy or
successful if you're not trying to be
those two things something seriously
wrong first of all it's absolutely
hilarious to watch Steve try to preach
to these people because he'll often get
really emotional and very serious and
you'll see dozens of like PAS walking
around in the background Steve will be
out there saying like you got to pick
yourself up man you got to get yourself
out of the hole I came for nothing and
then you got this PA hey mr. Harvey
where do you want me to set this lamp
this video is called are your prayers
too small now I had heard
these scriptures growing up but it
didn't it didn't sit with me didn't find
the way the camera work on a lot of
these videos is absolutely sickening
Steve whoa sorry I'd kind of took Leon
lushes bit of zooming and subscribe to
me on lunch a lot of the problems I was
having is because what I was asking God
for was the wrong stuff I kept going to
him too small I was praying for stuff
that really didn't need that much of a
prayer oh that's why you were homeless
Steve you weren't praying so good hey if
any homeless people are out there
watching this YouTube video on a public
access library computer don't worry you
guys you're just praying wrong just ask
Jesus for money at cars you'll be flying
you guys have you could do that for you
Steve Harvey smash the subscribe button
Eddie we got to be praying more we've
been praying too Steve we got to go
higher I'm talking I'm talking Oprah at
best mo at least okay you want me to
pray to Oprah right now yes like for
what car back to you Steve lord help me
make my rent
well don't he always don't you always
get your it Steve is telling you you
idiot why pray to God for your rent
doesn't he always give you your rent no
[__] you put in 10 hours at FedEx
Kinkos for your rent [__] you think
God is doing that you think Steve's
doing that
what about suppose you saying lord help
me make my mortgage you think God don't
know you ain't got the downpayment
you really think God don't know you need
another job he know all of that
you idiots is this God you don't think
he doesn't know you don't got that I
didn't send it we remember could we get
that quote again what was that you think
God don't know you ain't got to down
payment you think God ain't no you don't
got the down paint I didn't you get the
pieces put it together see you've been
blowing it if you up your ask he ups his
Gil that's his promise lord help me fix
my car so I can make it to work stop
praying over these raggedy cars why
don't you ask God for a car that don't
need fixing that's got to be one of the
most out of touch off-base privileged
[__] things I
ever heard anybody say stop praying over
these raggedy cars why don't you ask God
for a car that don't need fixing
this is what I'm talking about with
these celebrity motivators don't you
think people [__] know their car is
raggedy [__] you Steven you're [__]
you got a hundred million dollars shove
it up your ass why don't you ask God for
a car that don't need fixing oh you
think that's too big for him is that it
oh that's too rich I love that he puts
it on you oh you think that's too big
for him oh I'm sorry are you going
toe-to-toe with God you [__] mortal
heathen wait for it for surely it will
come at an appointed time that's in your
bargain that's in the copy you got that
aim in the rich people's Bible that's in
the copy you got the rich people have
their own Bible what does that even mean
that's not in the rich people's Bible
that's in your that's why they're so
rich it makes sense because they got the
good Bibles they got that's why it's
called a good word you know rich people
don't really have degrees these videos
are such a hilarious quote factories you
know rich people don't really have
degrees education ain't in the Bible
Harvard is not in there
someone's got to start putting these on
shirts education ain't in the Bible
Harvard is not in there alright let's
watch expose yourself to better things
you can't Google success and you can't
Google exposure you can't Google now one
of them things
matter of fact go home and google it
it'd take a long time to make a lot of
money you can't just go make money
because you got Google you can't just go
regularly because you got [__] Google
will suck on this Steve I make all my
money on Google let me show you
something when you get on the airplane
you ever noticed when you walk on the
airplane you walk past first-class they
bringing out a hot washcloth you can
wash you up they given out passing out
menus everybody get hot nuts this video
is absolutely hilarious coz Steve goes
on and for three minutes just basically
describes what first-class flight is
like on an airplane you get all you want
to drink you ain't got to pay for the
headsets you get to watch the movies
free you get a choice of what you want
to eat the seats is wider your knees
can't touch the seat in front of you it
can't the overhead space is plentiful
for everybody that there's actually room
Oh each side of you you can slouch in
your seat your arm does not have to
touch the other person's arm they're
gonna bring you a hot tile you ain't got
to body hair sit and really the thesis
of this entire video the moral of
everything he's trying to say is that
once you've had first-class flight it's
really hard to go back because it's
really nice like what where the hell
does God fit into that there's not even
a scripture you can tie this to it oh my
god let's watch another one we all live
inside a bubble right we go to church
here we work over here we go get our
coffee over here we go to this park over
here we usually go over here to you know
hang out with friends even the camera
guys like back in oily ooh careful Steve
we're gonna go attack this guy over here
kill that man with a camera over here
you put extra on top of Extraordinary
and you come up with extraordinary
there's no other way I'm sorry but
here's the fact Steve he's not even
standing in the frame for evidence it
listen you guys gotta stop being poor
seriously what the hell you guys should
you come back
people don't sleep eight hours a day
rich people don't sleep eight hours a
day okay kind of a bold claim I'm sure
there's a lot of stuff I could say to
refute that well let's hear him out
let's see what else he's got to add in
terms of research you cannot be sleep
eight hours a day you can't live in
there late and wake up at 8 o'clock in
the morning Steve today I got out of bed
at 11:27 in the morning and I ate a
piece of pizza that was sitting on the
floor overnight and now I'm making a
little youtube video and then I'm gonna
go ride scooters with the boys for the
rest of the day so to you Steve and you
Jesus Christ I say sowwy the Bible says
he who loves to sleep and the folding of
hands poverty will set upon you like a
thief in the night you guys remember
that age-old Bible verse where Jesus
said don't sleep guys what the hell
that's supposed to be an optional
feature you don't need that I'm ask you
one question I'm gonna go how many of
you in here know somebody who loves to
sleep who knows somebody that loves to
sleep let me ask you something ain't a
PO what the [__] ain't they poor what's
the message here are you late on your
student loans are you taking out a third
mortgage stop sleepy the dude that gave
me my first haircut in Texas you know
but she charged me for my haircut ten
dollars
when he came out on the road with me on
the Kings of Comedy did the Steve Harvey
Show do you know how much he was making
per haircut $1500 a haircut you know I'm
really how cuz I got a week for haircuts
a week this do make six thousand dollars
a week cut in half laughter that who
needs for haircuts a week I don't have
four haircuts in two years but I also
don't take care of myself and I dress
like garbage and I don't shower so good
so take that with a grain of salt $1500
per haircut six thousand dollars a week
dude where's Guinness on this one can we
get Guinness World Record on the phone
Steve Harvey has got to be the worst
negotiator in the history of the entire
world yeah hey man I was looking to get
a haircut yeah all right that'll be $10
Oh
ten don't know if I can do that how does
$6,000 sound why would you need to do
that I get I get you know he's bringing
up a guy he's bringing him up you know
but come on dude
6000 a week I don't even make $6,000 a
week
what the [__] is that I desert I maybe I
should get hair I'm gonna call Eddie
real quick see if we can get a haircut
in the works hey Eddie oh well I just
figured it'd save time listen do you
think I could cut your hair for you I
was looking to give you a haircut and I
figured I'd give you a discount because
we're friends well I will I will only
charge you $6,000 from for me to cut
your hair yeah it's the Steve Harvey
discount you know you know how it is
show business hey real quick Eddie - one
more thing do you think I could steal
your phone call bit for this video no
okay I won't include all right I won't
I'm not rolling so I won't include it
I'm gonna cut it I'll cut his hair I'll
get him are you sleeping god never
created a soul without giving them a
gift if you really can only sang at the
church why are you out here trying to be
a singer why you out of the trunk you
really not a rapper you steady rapping
ain't you 34 anybody found you yet you
feel me you 34 ain't nobody found you
yet that's pretty interesting Steve
encouraging people to give up on their
dreams just because they might be in
their early 30s and nothing's happened
to them yet let's take a click on to
your next video and see if your message
is consistent I had a turn back moment
man who's the day I was gonna quit and
the way I used to babe was I used to go
to hotels that had those bathroom doors
that went floor-to-ceiling because they
had linen tiles wrapped up in a basket
and I would take a bunch of them in me
run hot water on them and I take my bag
and out so far so Steve's telling this
really genuinely heartfelt and
meaningful story about how he had a
rough go of it for a number of years and
he was getting to the point where he was
homeless he didn't have a place to stay
didn't have a reliable source of income
and he was having to regularly take
baths in hotel bathroom
now I'm not giving him a scrap of grief
for that at all let's take a little peek
though what else he has to say man I
went back in my car and I'm crying again
I said man god I finally get a shot to
get on TV and then I can't even go I
said how could you do this to me and I'm
30-something now I've been waiting my
whole life enough for you get me here
interesting Steve you're 30-something
but you say you've been trying for years
to make it as a comic well I wish that a
really privileged very very wealthy man
had told you to [__] give up years
ago
that's what God would have wanted one
thing that I have a real problem with is
celebrities or people who have quote
made it in the industry of their choice
who come back to do these motivational
videos for people now it's not
inherently problematic for these
celebrities to be talking about
motivational stuff in fact I think it's
really honorable but a problem that I
have especially with Steve stuff and
anybody else doing this stuff is that
oftentimes the element of luck is just
left out of it these people are so lucky
they're very privileged I am lucky to be
in the position that I'm in ya I'm funny
as a hell ya work hard but I'm lucky
[__] so for Steve's lesson to say like
Oh what are you a musician well I don't
know you're 30 no one's called you yet
like shut the [__] up Steve just because
you're pursuing a goal that is difficult
to obtain doesn't mean that you give up
because a talk-show host laughs at you
want daytime television but again these
people who have had massive successes
massive earnings for them to turn around
and tell us ordinary regular folk that
all we have to do to get rich in life is
to shut the [__] up and pray to God for
a sports car like come on what a what a
baseless damaging message to send to
people it's so stupid and it makes you
look like a goddamn idiot and who
doesn't love listening to a 61 year old
mustachio man telling you about how God
doesn't like you because you're not
praying enough well the big Family Feud
logos flashing in the background you
know just 20 minutes ago there were
words like tits member ball sack back
here but he goes hold on let me tell you
about God you dumb poor son of a so in
conclusion would you just buy a goddamn
shirt just buy this shirt and you're
getting into heaven it's that easy
peep out
hey buddy youth pastor Gus here want you
to take a seat
your mom has been telling me that you've
been listening to the devil's music and
I'm here to tell you that that's not rad
man you need to listen to Christian
gospel in fact I've whipped up a few
playlists for you that'll really help
intrigue and it'll eyes your soul but I
don't want the Lord's honey flowing
through your little impressionable ears
on any cheap rinky-dink equipment so I'm
here to tell you today my son that this
video was sponsored by a rake on
headphones listen here my son rake on
earbuds started about half the price is
touching my eyeball dude listen
rake on earbuds started about half the
price of conventional premium earbuds on
the market so you know that you're
saving money while not compromising in
quality ray cons be fifty wireless
earbuds
let me tell you guy they look stylish
they're comfortable and they're slick as
hat almost slipped up they're slick as
heck guy you know the company was
actually co-founded by Ray J Ray J
really you know the company was actually
co-founded by Ray J of internet fame let
me tell you my son
Ray J is premium ultimate rake on
headphones come in a multitude of colors
and styles and there's actually some
really cool color and design options so
I implore you to check them out in fact
my child if you go down to the
description down below right now you can
get 20% off of your order please go
check it out
listen listen to me unlike some of your
other wireless headphone options ray
cons designs are not only slick but
they're discreet - you don't want big
hunks of metal and plastic jutting out
of your ears snagging on your holy choir
robes rake on headphones are for you if
you go check out our holy description
and click on this little link down there
it's by rakin comm slash Gus I'm gonna
bestow upon you my child 20 got some
boogers on the snapback 20% off your
order
brought to you by Ray Khan because
they're so GD cool for sponsoring this
video
so guys let the holy music fill your
inner monologue concert halls and pick
up some rake on wireless earbuds today
please thank you for sponsoring this
video rake on and thank you for going to
heaven
[Music]
[Applause]
while he's got me feeling like sexy can
I